feat(js): Update custom trace propagation docs (#12475)
getsentry/sentry-docs: platform-includes/distributed-tracing/custom-instrumentation/server/javascript.mdx

Trace propagation is set up automatically in this SDK. By default, outgoing HTTP requests will automatically be instrumented for you.

> For other cases where you may want to continue traces (e.g. in a job queue or when working with web sockets), you can manually extract and inject tracing information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For other cases where you may want to continue traces (for example, in a job queue or when working with web sockets), you can manually extract and inject tracing information.
```

> If you want to use automated distributed tracing but not tracing, set the `tracesSampleRate` option to `0`.

Reviewer 2: I know this is the same as the other page where I called out this comment, but this needs to be explained better here, too.

- In a web environment, it's sent with HTTP headers, for example, by another Sentry SDK used in your frontend project.
- In a job queue, it can be retrieved from meta or header variables.
- You also can pick up tracing information from environment variables.

Here's an example of how to extract and store incoming tracing information using `continueTrace()`:

```javascript
const http = require("http");

http.createServer((request, response) => {
  const sentryTraceHeaders = request.headers["sentry-trace"];
  const sentryTrace = Array.isArray(sentryTraceHeaders)
    ? sentryTraceHeaders.join(",")
    : sentryTraceHeaders;
  const baggage = request.headers["baggage"];

  Sentry.continueTrace({ sentryTrace, baggage }, () => {
    Sentry.startSpan(
      {,
        name: "my request",
        op: "http.server",
      },
      () => {
        // Your API code...
      }
    );
  });
});
```

In this example, we create a new transaction that is attached to the trace specified in the `sentry-trace` and `baggage` headers.

> ### Injecting Tracing Information into HTML

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Injecting Tracing Information Into HTML
```

You can also manually extract and inject tracing data into your application. For this, you must:

- Extract and store incoming tracing information from incoming request headers or similar.
- Inject tracing information to any outgoing requests.

To learn more about distributed tracing, see our <PlatformLink to="/tracing/trace-propagation/">Distributed Tracing</PlatformLink> docs.

### Extracting Incoming Tracing Information

You must extract and store incoming tracing information in memory for later use. Sentry provides the `continueTrace()` function to help you with this. Incoming tracing information can come from different places:

- In a web environment, it's sent with HTTP headers, for example, by another Sentry SDK used in your frontend project.
- In a job queue, it can be retrieved from meta or header variables.
- You also can pick up tracing information from environment variables.

Here's an example of how to extract and store incoming tracing information using `continueTrace()`:

```javascript
const http = require("http");

http.createServer((request, response) => {
  const sentryTraceHeaders = request.headers["sentry-trace"];

>   const sentryTrace = Array.isArray(sentryTraceHeaders)

Reviewer 3: m: I don't think joining multiple sentry-trace headers by `,` is [valid](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-javascript/blob/1d797ea3ee4653ccea20cb217195a79766689491/packages/core/src/utils-hoist/tracing.ts/#L8-L14). I guess this could happen for _reasons_ but is it worth pointing this out in the docs? If at all, we should probably just take one? Or any chance this got mixed up with `baggage`? baggage arrays could happen I guess if multiple instrumentation libraries add baggage headers 🤔
